## Generate Traffic for content using visual content
Marketing is in various forms; there’s the written one, which is largely popular and more patronized (mostly because of the price and quantity) and the visual aspect. The visual aspect isn’t patronized as much but can be more effect than the written form of marketing. Although it might cost more, the simple truth is that visual content is more productive that content marketing, if the brand or company employing it utilizes it well. The main problem with people who employ visual content is that their methods of using it are wrong. It’s not the strategy, it’s the method. To generate more traffic to your content, take a look below to find out how:
## Pay Attention To The Quality Of Your Visual Content 
This is the most important step in implementing an excellent visual content strategy. Humans respond to content in diverse ways but the one thing that nobody can ignore is a visual content that is of high quality. Whatever form of visual content that you decide to employ, the quality is very important. Make sure the mix of colors isn’t too bright or too dull. For informative and promotional videos, make sure they’re not too long that they inevitably bore your audience and make sure it’s not too short that it leaves out major details of what you’re trying to sell. If you want to embark on visual content and you’re worried about the quality, you can entrust the production of your visual content to professionals (Personally, I’ll recommend [Spiel](https://www.spielcreative.com/animation/whiteboard-animation.html); they’re tested and proven to be one of the best video and animation agencies in the market today)

## Make More Use Of Comics And Memes
Comic relief has been around for many years and although they were originally made to only be displayed on hard paper, their application has greatly evolved from that. Comics can also be applied in visual content as a way of boosting traffic because they have their own way of attracting readers. Most times, it doesn’t even matter how the comics are drawn. Even the most haggardlysketched comic page can draw a visitor’s glance, and it is guaranteed to keep them glued to your page for a while, at least until they stop laughing or making complete sense of them. 
In the same manner as comics, memes can be used as integral parts of your visual content that has the potential to increase page traffic. This is because they makeuse of quick wits and humor to attract your audience’s attention. If used mildly, memes can just as easily reduce the tension of your content and put everything in a lighter mood as comics.
You should note, however, that making use of the wrong memes can have catastrophic repercussions. Memes with inappropriate pop culture references and other political stereotypes (race, religion, ethnic origins, etc) should be used sensitively or else, you’re sure going to get a lot of backlash. Use memes that most of your audience can relate to, understand and won’t feel offended by.
## Make Your Visual Content Shareable
This is by far the easiest and quickest to create method of visual content type of visual content. Shareable content are basically quotes, wise quotes, inspirational pieces and words of advice that proceed to producing quick wins. Shareable contents work extremely well on multipurpose platforms like Twitter and Instagram, where people can easily have access to them and save or download them to their devices. Shareables can also be used on websites and blogs. However, their application must not derail the message being passed across in the main content.
## Make Your Visual Content Relatable
This point applies mostly to those who make use a lot of pictures, memes, comics and GIFs on their content. Whatever form of visual content you choose to employ, make sure that it relates to what you’re selling. The above-mentioned forms of visual content only serve as tension-breakers; means to ease the stress or lighten the mood. Very often, it’s easy for these to go beyond their scope of application and turn your content into a fiasco that doesn’t make any sense. Whenever you’re applying them, use them mildly and make sure that they have a way of conveying your message or at least have a way of relating to what you’re really trying to say.
